---
layout: post
title: "London: Day 2"
---

London - We woke up sufficiently less jet-lagged than the day before, and it
made a world of difference. Whereas the day before we simply were attempting to
exist, today we were ready to explore, and that is precisely what we did. We
started our day touring the Tower of London, walked across Tower Bridge, and
then made our way across the city for Afternoon Tea. We saw Green Park,
Buckingham Palace, and took in a delicious dinner at in a treehouse (kinda)!

![Tower of London](/assets/images/london-1.jpeg)

The Tower of London was a sight to behold. A fortress sitting on the Thames
River, it was significant throughout history, giving London a stronghold with
which to collect wealth and power. We walked through the outer walls
(battlements), chapel, the White Castle, and more. One highlight was the Crown
Jewels, including crowns and regalia worn by monarchs over many years. It was
surreal being in a place and learning about a time where the quality of life and
freedoms we have today were much more limited.

![Tower Bridge](/assets/images/london-2.jpeg)

Outside the Tower of London we visited Tower Bridge, and headed across the city
for our afternoon tea at Fortnum & Mason. There are many places you can get
Afternoon Tea, but after much research from Camille, we settled on this as our
first one. Fortnum & Mason is a department store offerring delicious and
interesting items, and well known for their afternoon tea in their Diamond Tea
Room on the top floor. We enjoyed delicious tea, finger sandwhiches, scones, and
little pastry deserts. It was delightful, and we left feeling satisfied. The
department store itself had so many interesting things, from a decadent array of
chocolates, meats, cheeses, to perfumes and custom made gift baskets (called
hampers). They were even getting ready for Christmas and had a human sized
advent calendar and beautiful glass ornaments.

![Afternoon Tea](/assets/images/london-4.jpeg)

Once we left, we took a short break at the hotel before heading back out. We
visited Green Park and wandered to Buckingham Palace where the monarch
officially lives. The park was beautiful, lush, and well... green!

![Buckingham Palace](/assets/images/london-6.jpeg)

Across the park was a restaurant called Hide. It was designed to feel like you
were eating in a tree. The top floor was airy and open, with a view looking out
into all of trees of the nearby park, meant to feel like you were amongst all
the branches. They even had broken egg shell lamp coverings as if there were
bird nests all around you. The ground level felt like the trunk of the tree, and
the basement was incredibly cozy with lots of little rooms, as if you were
amongst the roots of the tree.

![Hide](/assets/images/london-5.jpeg)

The dinner there was delicious. One highlight was the variety of delicious
breads they served with soft salted butter, a starter with roasted corn and
filled pasta in a delightful chicken broth, and desert. Camille got a refreshing
peach tarlet, served in a nest! I enjoyed a warm acron cake with smoked caramel
served in a cast iron pot that caused it to sizzle and bubble when the caramel
hit the bottom. Needless to say, after that we went back to the hotel, quite
satisfied.
