---
layout: post
title: "London: Day 3"
---

London (Sunday) - Our third full day in London started with one big difference,
we actually got enough sleep! And that was important, because we had a big day
ahead of us. Everything from seeing the Changing of the Guards, to Borough
Market, a second afternoon tea, and a delicious dinner to cap it all off.

![Changing of the Guard](/assets/images/london-7.jpeg)

We started with a return trip to Buckingham Palace to see the Changing of the
Guard. This is a ceremony that happens 4 times a week, and involves a military
parade and marching band to symbolize the ongoing protection of the monarchy. We
did not expect to see a huge sea of people for something that happens this
often, but the palace was very crowded. Still, it was quite the sight and a fun
event nonetheless.

![Borough Market](/assets/images/london-8.jpeg)

Heading across the city, we came to Borough Market. This is one of the most
famous farmer's markets in London and houses tons of great stands with
everything from specialty meats, cheeses, vegetables, etc, to delicious hot
meals served street-food style. We walked around and sampled everything from
delicious coffee, fish & chips, chocolate covered strawberries, cornish pasties,
and even some great mediterranean bowls. The market, much like the palace, was
an absolute sea of people. In parts of it you could barely walk because of the
crowds. But still it was a ball. We left feeling so incredibly full, which
actually was a little bit of a problem because...

![The Connaught](/assets/images/london-9.jpeg)

We headed out to our reservations for another afternoon tea at The Connaught, a
nice hotel a bit out of the way of the popular parts of Central London. There we
enjoyed finger sandwhiches, pastries, and scones. Given our previous activity,
it was a little bit of a struggle. But the food was so delicious. The finger
sandwhiches were well done, and the pastries well composed. Even the clotted
cream and jam served with the scones was a step above what we had the previous
day. It was a truly lovely experience.

![Leadenhall Market](/assets/images/london-10.jpeg)

Feeling stuffed, we headed to another market. Our plan wasn't to eat, but
instead take it in. The Leadenhall market is famous not only for its shops, but
also for its unique building style. It was featured in the Harry Potter movies,
along with other places, and has an incredibly charming and beautiful design. In
fact, when we got there most of the shops had already closed for the day so it
was perfect for just getting some time to look around and take some photos.

Having regained our appetites, we haded to one our most anticipated meals of the
journey: Fallow Restaurant. Fallow has creative and carefully crafted cuisine
that is well known for outstanding in its offerings. We also were excited
because this was Sunday, and on Sunday there is _Sunday Roast_! At Fallow we got
to indulge in delicious bread with mushroom butter made from in-house grown
Lion's Mane mushrooms, corn ribs (look them up!), and our first and most
delicious Sunday roast with good steak, crispy roast potatoes, glazed carrots,
and more, all served with a delicious gravy covering it. It was probably our
favorite meal of the trip so far, and we will definitely be going back to it
again. Oh, and we finished it off with a refreshing strawberry cream cake and
fresh strawberry sorbet.

Tomorrow we're off to Italy, but we still have one or two more things to see.
